Add skip permissions option to ApiServerSource (#6288)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/sources/apiserversource/features.md

Reviewer: I'd put this as a separate chapter under in the `reference.md` file. So the user has everything together. When the feature list gets too big, we could think about having it as a separate page, but as long as we have only a small number of features, I'd keep it for visibility on the "main" configuration page (IMO)

Author: I changed the place, let me know what you think

# ApiServerSource features

ApiServerSource has features that can be added using annotations to the resource definition.

## Skipping Permissions Check

When the ApiServerSource resource is changed, Knative Eventing checks that it has the required
permissions for the resources and namespaces defined before updating the ApiServerSource Deployment.
On large clusters checking for permissions can put pressure on the Kubernetes API leading to

> resource pressure. To make the ApiServerSource skip permissions set the following annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource pressure. To make the ApiServerSource skip permission checks set the following annotation:
```
